{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Make your company epic: using agile strategic planning for competitive advantage 
\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 The pace of change is accelerating rapidly, and this tectonic shift cannot be ignored. For organizations, this means that the market and competitors move increasingly faster. The key to counter this pace of change is to move faster than they are; thus, organizations must become much more agile to the world & their customers. 
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Ninety percent of executives in a recent survey by the Economist believe that organizational agility is critical for business success. One-half of all chief executive officers (CEOs) and chief information officers (CIOs) polled agree that rapid decision-making and execution are not only important, but essential to a company\'92s competitive standing.
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 This begs the question: how does one achieve business agility? We believe the answer starts right at the very top, with strategic planning. 
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Agility meets strategy
\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Agile has become the norm in software development as most technology organizations by now have understood the benefit of employing this model. We strongly believe that an agile method should also be applied to management & strategy. So we have drawn upon the operating system for technology organizations and applied it to strategic planning. The goal is to achieve maximum velocity within your organization. 
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Quarterly planning is replaced by monthly sprints, ensuring that progress is tracked more closely and that each team can course correct in real time. By bypassing traditional waterfall decision making, this methodology ensures that organizations can move faster, fail at smaller scales and execute on what matters most. Most importantly, this method provides visibility on the velocity of execution.
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Bridging the gap between strategy and execution 
\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Traditional strategic planning processes were very useful in helping \'a0company leaders understand where they needed to go. And while this understanding will always remain relevant, the largest hurdle to success is the inability to link strategy to execution. Pretty PowerPoint slides confer a feeling of \'93being done\'94, but ultimately mean little if you can\'92t actually get things done. The goal of agile strategic planning therefore is not only to help you understand what the ideal end-state of your organization is, but also to create an adaptive path to get there. 
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Understanding agile strategic planning 
\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 The agile strategic planning method is broken into a specific formula that anyone can apply within their company. 
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Company Epics: description of the desired state of your organization by the end of the planning period from a strategy perspective.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Market Landscape: insightful discussions about your industry. You should discuss opportunities and threats your company needs to be prepared for.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Introspection: Deep dive into everything that is internal to the business, from financial capabilities to brand promise and values. This also includes an understanding of yearly revenue and profit goals. In addition, your purpose, brand promise, unique selling proposition and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Hairy_Audacious_Goal"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 bhag}} are written down.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Creation of Backlog: A reverse engineering what needs to be done to optimize your chances of realizing your epics. The rules are simple: backlog items must be achievable in one sprint, and must apply the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wikimatze.de/smart-principle/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 smart}} principle. The backlog engenders difficult conversations because the 
\f1\i what
\f0\i0  is clear but the 
\f1\i how
\f0\i0  is a different story. Strategy is not only a choice of what to do but also a choice of what not to do. \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sprint Planning: sprints are timeboxed effort containers (generally one month), during which each team member will voluntarily commit to accomplishing a set number of backlog items. Track your velocity as a team, learn from past mistakes, get better, repeat. \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Monthly Sprint Reviews: sit down (or stand) with your management team to validate progress and course correct. \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Agile strategic planning is one method that can lead to business improvement by aligning and empowering the team, by deploying the right resources and by being adaptable enough to allow faster decision making and execution. However, before applying any methodology, it is critical to understand its roots and evolution across time.
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 An History of Business Agility
\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 By itself there is nothing new to the concept of agility. Different kinds of organizations has been adapting to internal and external forces for centuries. However, in any field, there is a formalization of practice to theory and then a larger diffusion of knowledge that makes the theory and practice more widespread.
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 History/roots in software dev\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 IBM 1957\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 1990 push RAD, Scrum, XP, \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 2001 Agile software manifesto\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Continuous development afterwards\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 From software to business\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 The Agile Manifesto
\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Individuals and Interactions more than processes and tools\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Self-organization and motivation are important, as are interactions like co-location and pair programming.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Working Software more than comprehensive documentation\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Working software is more useful and welcome than just presenting documents to clients in meetings.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Customer Collaboration more than contract negotiation\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Requirements cannot be fully collected at the beginning of the software development cycle, therefore continuous customer or stakeholder involvement is very important.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Responding to Change more than following a plan\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Agile software development methods are focused on quick responses to change and continuous development.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Agile software development principles - The Manifesto for Agile Software Development is based on twelve principles:\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Customer satisfaction by early and continuous delivery of valuable software\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Welcome changing requirements, even in late development\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Working software is delivered frequently (weeks rather than months)\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Close, daily cooperation between business people and developers\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Projects are built around motivated individuals, who should be trusted\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Face-to-face conversation is the best form of communication (co-location)\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Working software is the primary measure of progress\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sustainable development, able to maintain a constant pace\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Simplicity\'97the art of maximizing the amount of work not done\'97is essential\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Regularly, the team reflects on how to become more effective, and adjusts accordingly\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Speed and trust
\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 The real recipe for success in any-sized organization is its agility to effectively respond to its market and to its customer. You need to align your team, deploy the right resources and technology; this should start with tough decisions. Agile strategic planning is not a panacea and will not miraculously improve your strategy. It will, however, give you an adaptable method that can empower your team to find the right path. 
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}